KCSEU 2023 Web Site stubbed out (#367)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2023/kcseu/_index.md

---
title: "Contributor Summit Europe 2023"
type: docs
aliases: [ "/kcseu2023" , "/summit" ]
weight: 1
description: >
  Kubernetes Contributor Summit Europe, hosted in Amsterdam Netherlands.

---

### About

> The Europe Summit will be a lightweight event taking place on May 16th

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Europe Summit will be a lightweight event taking place on April 18th
```

in Amsterdam, The Netherlands alongside 
<a href="https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">KubeCon</a>
at the
<a href="https://www.rai.nl/en" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">RAI Amsterdam</a>.

The Summit will be a loosely organized event with a [relaxed schedule](/events/2023/kcseu/schedule),

>  including a Steering AMA, three hours of Unconference Sessions, 
> multiple SIG and WG meetings, and a Documentation Sprint.  This will be followed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 including a Steering AMA, several hours of Unconference Sessions, 
potential SIG and WG meetings, and a Documentation Sprint.  This will be followed
```
